Prague 2021 blog post tickets on sale and CFP reminder (#1540)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/prague/2021/news/tickets-cfp-reminder.rst

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

.. post:: May 25, 2021
   :tags: prague-2021, cfp, tickets

Announcing Ticket Sales, Grant Program, and Call for Proposals Reminder
=======================================================================

Greetings, documentarians! Today we're happy to announce that tickets are `on sale now <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/{{year}}/tickets/>`_, and to remind you that our `Call for Proposals <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/{{year}}/cfp/>`_ is still open.

Following the success of the 2020 virtual conference, we look forward to more opportunities to bring the community together virtually and to share the wonderful energy with each other wherever you are in the world.

If there is something you’d really like to see a talk about this year, submit a proposal for it or refer someone else who would be good!

Get your ticket for the conference
----------------------------------

**The Prague conference will be held online on {{ date.short }}.** The `full event website <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/{{year}}/>`_ is live, with some preliminary details, and we'll be filling in more as it gets closer.

> If you're excited too, go ahead and `register for your ticket now <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/{{year}}/tickets/>`_! Even though our capacity is more flexible due to the virtual event platform, we might still sell out to make sure we're providing a manageable event size for our attendees, as always.

Reviewer: `excited too`? Seems to reference something that isn't in the post.

Similar to last year's virtual conference, we're going to keep as much as possible of the spirit of the event alive:

* Excellent single track of pre-recorded presentations with live moderated Q&A after each talk
* Writing Day sessions
* Unconference sessions
* Job Fair booths

> * Sponsor booths

Reviewer: We should probably not commit to this, since we've never really had sponsor booths in Prague. Also, do we want to promise the job fair? Last year it was a scramble to try and fill it :/

* A virtual hallway track
* A social event of some kind, bring your own beverage and snacks :)

We really want to make sure that folks can get value from being at the event at the same time, and we think it will be another great year of helping our community connect.

Grant program
-------------

We updated our grant program application to take into account the virtual format of the event.
We're excited to be able to offer free tickets to a larger number of people, since there are now minimal other costs to attend the event.

You can apply by **{{ grants.ends }}** on `our website <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/{{year}}/opportunity-grants/>`_.

Submit your talk by June 30th
-----------------------------

There are still a few weeks left to submit your proposal! Check out the `Call for Proposals page <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/{{year}}/cfp/>`_ for more details about what we are looking for.

> And if you already have an idea but you’re having a hard time getting your proposal to come together, you can always ask for feedback on the `Write the Docs Slack <https://www.writethedocs.org/slack/>`_. The community is there to help!

Reviewer: We talked about doing a talk proposal meetup, should we figure that out? I guess we should start thinking about it, and announce it in another email?

Author: They're already doing one through meetup.com and the Tel Aviv meetup group :)

> You can apply by **{{ grants.ends }}** on `our website <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/{{year}}/opportunity-grants/>`_.

Reviewer 2: grants.ends is not in the config yet, that's why the build breaks - I will add that a bit later

Support our community by sponsoring
-----------------------------------

> Every year we are fortunate to have the support of like-minded organizations and communities, who believe in the collaborative and welcoming community spirit and help us make our events great.

Reviewer: We should thank our existing sponsors here. We should have a snippet that pulls out the list automatically.

Reviewer 2: I've added the snippet

And if you already have an idea but you’re having a hard time getting your proposal to come together, you can always ask for feedback on the `Write the Docs Slack <https://www.writethedocs.org/slack/>`_. The community is there to help!

We’ll then be reviewing all the talk proposals, and will be contacting everyone who submitted a proposal by **{{ cfp.notification }}**.

Support our community by sponsoring
-----------------------------------

Every year we are fortunate to have the support of like-minded organizations and communities, who believe in the collaborative and welcoming community spirit and help us make our events great.

We have published our `virtual sponsorship prospectus`_ for the conference,
and are open for new sponsorship inquiries.

.. _virtual sponsorship prospectus: https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/{{year}}/sponsors/prospectus/

We will still run the `job fair <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/{{year}}/job-fair/>`_, helping documentarians and organizations connect with each other. Check out the sponsorship prospectus for more details and to reserve your spot today.

> Thanks so much to the following companies for supporting the Portland conference this year:

Author: ```suggestion
Thanks so much to the following companies for supporting the Prague conference this year:
```

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

> .. post:: May 25, 2021

Author: ```suggestion
.. post:: May 31, 2021
```

   :tags: prague-2021, cfp, tickets

Announcing Ticket Sales, Grant Program, and Call for Proposals Reminder
=======================================================================

Greetings, documentarians! Today we're happy to announce that tickets are `on sale now <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/{{year}}/tickets/>`_, and to remind you that our `Call for Proposals <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/{{year}}/cfp/>`_ is still open.

Following the success of the 2020 virtual conference, we look forward to more opportunities to bring the community together virtually and to share the wonderful energy with each other wherever you are in the world.

If there is something you’d really like to see a talk about this year, submit a proposal for it or refer someone else who would be good!

Get your ticket for the conference
----------------------------------

**The Prague conference will be held online on {{ date.short }}.** The `full event website <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/{{year}}/>`_ is live, with some preliminary details, and we'll be filling in more as it gets closer.

> If you're excited too, go ahead and `register for your ticket now <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/{{year}}/tickets/>`_! Even though our capacity is more flexible due to the virtual event platform, we might still sell out to make sure we're providing a manageable event size for our attendees, as always.

Author: ```suggestion
Tickets are on sale now, so go ahead and `register for your ticket now <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/prague/{{year}}/tickets/>`_! Even though our capacity is more flexible due to the virtual event platform, we might still sell out to make sure we're providing a manageable event size for our attendees, as always.
```

Similar to last year's virtual conference, we're going to keep as much as possible of the spirit of the event alive:

* Excellent single track of pre-recorded presentations with live moderated Q&A after each talk
* Writing Day sessions
* Unconference sessions

> * Job Fair booths
> * Sponsor booths

Author: ```suggestion
```
